# Predicting-Online-Shopper-s-intention
Predict online shopper's intention using ML techniques
Online shopping is electronic commerce that allows consumers to purchase goods or service directly/indirectly from sellers over the Internet. Online shopping market is huge and takes up many parts in the Business to Consumer market. In 2020 in the US, online spending took 21.3% out of 100% in total retail sales. Online sales of total retail sales have kept increasing and it is one of the most important parts for companies to increase revenue. Also, for consumers online sales is one of the most important factors to drive propensity to buy services/goods. Moreover, an unexpected situation like Covid-19 boosts in consumer’s online shopping resulted in hit nearly 4trillion worldwide. Also in the US, the online shopping market is expecting to have 300 million online shoppers in 2023, which is 91% of the country's population. Up to now, 69% of Americans have experience in online shopping and 25% of Americans shop online at least once a month. Therefore, know and learn about how, when and why consumers purchase goods/service online is a key factor to business. Moreover, knowing about what drives the consumer’s propensity to purchase goods/service is important as business can use it to advertise, marketing or increase their revenue and sales. Therefore, in this project I am going to use an online shopper’s intention dataset to know which factors drive consumers’ propensity to purchase or empty their online carts. I used a dataset from the UCI website that shares primary keys for analysis.
